poly police car on patrol as a police
officer you have to be alert and pay
attention to everything that happens
today you'll follow poly on patrol in
the city look closely and health paulie
to reconnaissance are you ready here we
go
now the patrol is over do you remember
what we saw what looked it / supposed to
did you wait at the train station did it
take a nap was he talking on the phone
or was he out for a swim well done
first post was taking a nap and one more
why what did Harry hotrod do did he talk
to Brobee robot was he out fishing was
it just enjoying the beautiful weather
or did he play football great
Harry played football poorly thank you
for your help
you are a great police deputy